Gwenevere Abriel: While you're doing that.
Joshua Lopez: It just had my pen and I put it down for a brief second and I lost it.
Joshua Lopez: Give it another
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we start with sort of what's coming up for you. Currently, kind of, where you at, as you and I are meeting today.
Joshua Lopez: Just kinda down lately.
Joshua Lopez: Last week after group. I really, really implemented the
Joshua Lopez: Rational acceptance. It was helping out a lot. A friend of mine Evelyn. I told you about her kind of been somebody I you know talk or text every now and then she
Joshua Lopez: Was kind of
Joshua Lopez: I read one of her posts and she just seemed like really down. I called her on my break to see what was going on. I kind of
Joshua Lopez: Brought up the irrational acceptance explain to her how it worked. And it seemed to really help her.
Joshua Lopez: You know, and it made me feel good that I could actually have somebody, you know, made me feel really good.
Joshua Lopez: And he had been working it really I've been working
Joshua Lopez: Just these past like couple of days. I just
Joshua Lopez: I just
Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: Am I'm really sad right now.
Joshua Lopez: Like everything in my life is going pretty good. I'm doing well at work.
Joshua Lopez: Well, struggling as far as money goes. I've got all my furniture and places looking really nice like everything seems to be going well. I just, I cannot shake this
Joshua Lopez: The sadness that I feel
Joshua Lopez: And
Joshua Lopez: I don't know. I've just I've accepted things and I'm
Joshua Lopez: rolling with the punches and I feel like everything on the outside, seeing really good
Joshua Lopez: I just
Joshua Lopez: Sad, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't seem to know what the problem is, is that right
Oh,
Joshua Lopez: I do. I just
Joshua Lopez: I miss. I just, I'm still missing jack. What am I missing my kids right now.
Joshua Lopez: The same the same or just get shaky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Have you been away from the kids.
Joshua Lopez: Since Sunday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has it been progressively getting more and more sad.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, it was, it was a bit sad, even when they were here want to see it was like Saturday.
Joshua Lopez: I kind of just came in my room and just close my door and just had like a little cry session.
Joshua Lopez: Friday or Saturday and then Saturday night.
Joshua Lopez: My daughter was asking, you know, what time that they're going back to their moms. Of course it was Mother's Day so she you know thought they might be going back early which she never anxious to go back, but she was for Mother's Day with your mom work all day to, like, eight o'clock.
Joshua Lopez: And when I told her that she just went into tears.
Joshua Lopez: She's like, you know,
Joshua Lopez: Mother's Day. I'm supposed to be with my mom, you know, what next Father's Day. I'm not gonna be able to be with you.
Joshua Lopez: And then I just kind of just talk with her, you know, I didn't have a really heart to heart talk with her in a little while.
Joshua Lopez: You know, and that's one of the first times that she's ever told me how she's really felt during all this
Joshua Lopez: Like when I'm at moms. I can't help but look at the door, thinking that you're going to walk through it in anytime dad really miss you and I'm there.
Joshua Lopez: I'm over year. A I know mom doesn't ever come over a year, but I still see that come through that door, and we're going to spend time and watch your movie.
Joshua Lopez: Do these family things. And if it broke my heart.
Joshua Lopez: You know, just
Joshua Lopez: Just accepting that that will never be you know like will never
Joshua Lopez: Never get to share those moments anymore like that, you know, it's even when things get better, it'll
Joshua Lopez: Just be different at all.
Joshua Lopez: You know I
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the reality is, Josh. This is, this is the truth. Right. This is where that you meet that radical acceptance.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I think in the past, you might have been trying to use distraction to get over this and not have to feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your feeling on it and you're going to be okay. And I know it doesn't seem like it right now, but you're going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a little, a little reality testing for just a second. Let's dip into a way it was.
Gwenevere Abriel: How often did you have movie night where everyone sat together and sat around and enjoyed as a family, everyone together.
Joshua Lopez: And it was really frequent for a long time really frequent
Joshua Lopez: Kind of cloudy and murky. The last like year we were together but
Joshua Lopez: I mean, that used to be like once a week. We'd go buy ice cream and root beer and
Joshua Lopez: We'd make root beer floats.
Joshua Lopez: You know, buy pizza or make something at home.
Joshua Lopez: You know, at one time before. Everything's our default part we were
Joshua Lopez: A super tight knit family.
Joshua Lopez: We're always in the same room, no matter if we're doing different things, or the same thing. We all were tight knit.
Joshua Lopez: It's like that last year that we were together.
Joshua Lopez: We were in completely separate different different rooms before
Joshua Lopez: You know, it just
Joshua Lopez: Wasn't the same
Gwenevere Abriel: It was already that division.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happening over this last year.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, well, the last year, we're together.
Joshua Lopez: It's crazy, but we're going on a year apart now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Joshua Lopez: Keep track of time, but it's rounding to a year now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, just so that I understand what you just said, are you saying that you guys were following each other around in the same room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two years ago, or it started to change. Two years ago.
Joshua Lopez: Um, no, we were. I mean, I'm sure there were little changes, two years ago.
Joshua Lopez: But for the most part it was that last year were together that it just the dynamics of our family just completely changed that last year.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was last year together. So this is just me really getting a time frame here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there was already this pulling apart, there was already that we're not coming together and having a weekly movie night where there's root beer and pizza and let's let's all very intentionally come out of our rooms, get off the screens and be together.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was already changing
Gwenevere Abriel: Why not cry then just hang in there. This is a Socratic dialogue. I don't mean to offend. It's just, it gets the mind going. Okay, why not cry then
Joshua Lopez: Don't think I realized it, you know, I don't think I really
Joshua Lopez: Was a tune with what was happening at the time.
Joshua Lopez: You know, I just
Joshua Lopez: Think I was getting more angry and pushing a lot more know towards the end that we fought a lot about was that she was never around
Joshua Lopez: And then what would aggravate me the most, she would say, well, school and work have to come first and never ever once complained about her schooling, even though that took up a lot of time, even though that was
Joshua Lopez: You know its own little thing. I never once said, hey, you're spending too much time at school or, you know, get off your homework and come spend time with us. It was never that you know it was, you're not spending time with us your unit. I mean, it just
Joshua Lopez: Wasn't sad. Yeah, I guess, because I didn't know it was as bad as it was. I guess I didn't know we were so disconnected, even though the signs were there. I didn't
Joshua Lopez: Think I was a tune with what was going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think of you that that might have been what was going on, that there was already this distance happening and you weren't in touch with it. What do you make a view that that that might be what was going on, what's your opinion of you, let's say,
Joshua Lopez: I just, I wish I would have been more aware
Joshua Lopez: Or maybe I would have seen it better.
Joshua Lopez: Wish
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the solution. Let's just go to judgment for a second, what's your opinion of you that you did that. Just keep it really simple not going to overanalyze it, what's your opinion of you that that happened, be more attuned to what was going on around you, not emotionally
Joshua Lopez: Disappointed disappointed that I didn't see it sooner.
Gwenevere Abriel: What could you have done if you were in touch.
Gwenevere Abriel: What could you, what action, could you have taken if you were connected
Gwenevere Abriel: To love connected to your own loneliness and sad. Right, what could you have done differently. I know it sounds weird, but just imagine that was president like feeling as sad as you are right now but it being watching her excuses of I gotta go to school. I gotta, I gotta, I gotta write
Gwenevere Abriel: What my truth and
Joshua Lopez: GOT OFF MY ASS sooner would have
Joshua Lopez: Done what I'm doing now a whole lot sooner.
Just
Joshua Lopez: Because I feel like I failed as a as a man
Joshua Lopez: Like I just grew soft
Joshua Lopez: And I stopped being a man and I
Joshua Lopez: Just go back in that time, I would have manned up a long time ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, let me just make sure this is the direction so far. I don't know that this is the direction I was kind of thinking, I'm a little surprised that you went there with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Certainly wasn't the direction I was thinking you were going to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you telling me that at that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your wife are sending you a message of get off your ass. You think that's the message, who was sending you
Joshua Lopez: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You think she wouldn't have gone to school and have worked as much as she did you think that if you were off your ass. I'm using your wording. Okay, just to keep it simple. If you got off your ass. You think she would have
Gwenevere Abriel: Then home for weekly route their pizzas and movies.
Joshua Lopez: So I think that's where she started to lose attraction for me, where she started losing feelings for me.
Joshua Lopez: I do
Joshua Lopez: But I mean, in hindsight, you get know for sure, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: No, but
Joshua Lopez: I do feel like
Joshua Lopez: I stopped being that man that she wants. Love you know I do feel like
Joshua Lopez: You know I
Joshua Lopez: Try to take ownership for my mistakes and I'm done. Just blaming myself, but I do, I do feel like I
Joshua Lopez: I stopped being that man, you know, stop being a provider at one time I was a great provider was a hustler. And I don't mean hustler, as in
Joshua Lopez: On the street drugs you know i hustled it took care of my
Joshua Lopez: But I just I got really complacent and they got really just
Joshua Lopez: out of tune with who I was.
Joshua Lopez: As much as all this really sucks. And it really hurts. I honestly feel like I needed to have a fire lit under my ass because be now I'm doing pretty well, you know, was it for
Joshua Lopez: This divorce. I think I would be on cloud nine right now without things are, you know, they can really good money.
Gwenevere Abriel: So put it put a pin in that for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you think she would not be spending time downstairs or upstairs with her sister. You don't think she'd be doing that you don't think that she would be taking on the belief system of her sister. You don't think all these other stories. You told me you think
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all because you were not off your ass. Is that right,
Joshua Lopez: Feel like add a huge part in it, yes I do feel like her sisters influence had a part in it is well
Joshua Lopez: You know, and I'll never know for sure. I just know what happened but
Joshua Lopez: You know I know when I was
Joshua Lopez: I know I didn't have this type of problem before in it. I mean, that just
Joshua Lopez: I can't say for sure.
Joshua Lopez: Thing.
Joshua Lopez: Did you feel like that attractive there.
Joshua Lopez: Her attraction for me. Did fade, because I was
Joshua Lopez: Was an awfully I do. I didn't feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was the other stories, the reasons why I know about your HER SISTER IS BECAUSE YOU WOULD EXPLAIN IT THAT WAY used to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't like used to tell me I don't like that she is not spending time with me. She spends all their time or their sister. Do you remember you used to tell me that
Do
Gwenevere Abriel: You never said anything about
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm less attractive in some way.
Gwenevere Abriel: This was right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So was it just
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to see which one was kind of more real.
Joshua Lopez: I honestly just
Joshua Lopez: Think
Joshua Lopez: I think they're both real. I mean, I think they're both really real.
Joshua Lopez: You know I
Joshua Lopez: Don't think I fully grasp my responsibility and my role.
Joshua Lopez: You know, I think, I think it's clear now.
Joshua Lopez: Than it was then.
Joshua Lopez: I didn't like all the time that you spend with their sister. I didn't like that.
Joshua Lopez: We felt second to her, but also think that
Joshua Lopez: I can't just put the blame there you know i i know my role in it. And I know, I know. I stopped being a man you know i know i stopped eating.
Joshua Lopez: There it just
Joshua Lopez: You know, just, I don't know how else to explain it just
Joshua Lopez: I do feel like I
Joshua Lopez: I played a huge role in it for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So like
Gwenevere Abriel: Is just shifting a little bit. Let's go back to what was working for for Evelyn, and what was working for you. So this radical acceptance. That was the term radical acceptance.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not being used right now. Not today. Not with but you also were presented with it wasn't a regular day it was Mother's Day haven't gone through this before. Not like this. Not exactly like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you may feel it at Christmas. You may feel it at home, you may have to grieve each one of these expectations but I predict Joshua that with more practice of what we're talking about that each time it comes up the feeling of, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish it could be this.
Gwenevere Abriel: That first that first staying will probably emerge.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then quickly if you use this radical acceptance and say that's me wishing my life was something else and I can suffer that loss or
Gwenevere Abriel: I could not suffer.
Gwenevere Abriel: The pain is real. The grief is real. It's this on top of it, as if to say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to punish myself an order to remember it punished and punished and sit in that suffering.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look again. Look, I mean, didn't you start thinking about all the other things the other things that are going to come up, it's going to hurt. It's going to be awful. Look at all these. Look at all my loss and over and over all these things that are not anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can spend a lot of time and you can wipe you out.
Gwenevere Abriel: But do you know that's happening up here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that the sun comes up. It was set again and then it comes up and it says again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Your wife Jacqueline maybe she grieves to maybe she doesn't, she's doing. She's living her life.
Gwenevere Abriel: It continues to move forward. Tell me what suffering does for you. Why are you suffering. Why suffer.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think you need to
Gwenevere Abriel: We can grieve and grieve it and say, Oh my gosh, but you don't have to do this suffering the differences. This you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: My gosh daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hadn't thought about that. I didn't think about it, this is Mother's Day, and she has this busy work schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't think ahead. I didn't think we got to create like this other way of doing this weekend, and we got to be on purpose about it or we could have and what can we do right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you didn't do that and didn't get into solution you went in your room and hurt and suffered
Gwenevere Abriel: And then she added to it was her own suffering and then she projected into the future. And then you both suffered, and then you suffered because you're both suffering and it's just sad, sad, sad, sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you could not and see this as an opportunity to have your daughter all to yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be like, I'm feeling kind of greedy. I got you on Mother's Day. Let's celebrate her and how can we do it. Oh, it lets you and I do this collage lets you and I write this poem about Mommy, but you didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: You did the other way. The suffer route.
Gwenevere Abriel: But do you know it's okay, it's okay to celebrate being with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's a it is a really radically different way of approaching a day and I get that. But the power of the ability to do opposite action.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can have a profound impact what my automatic instinct is I just want to fall apart and cry. I want to close the door lock it and not think about my daughter hurting
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it just makes me hurt more. I feel her loss. I feel her pain and mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the opposite of that would be what on that day, what could you have done that was the exact opposite of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't think of it because you are hijack your hijacked by the amygdala, the one that comes up and says, we're so sad. You can't even think straight
Gwenevere Abriel: But you have other parts of your brain, the one that solves problems, the ones that can think through can shop for a couch and analyze price points delivery of return policy that part of the brain. This part but you don't have access to it when you're wiped out like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's when you really will get that switch of will. This frickin socks. I don't have her in my life. Life is different. And what am I going to have to do to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm I could fall apart. And you always have that option you can dip into it if you want to. That's your human right to suffer. Or you could jump into that living room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And you met her on that emotional level and you right you had that talk talked with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then what did you do to honor
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're not with her that she's working and that we still need to acknowledge Father's Day. What did you end up doing.
Joshua Lopez: I meant to take the kids to at least get her some flowers.
Joshua Lopez: But you know cuz actually it was pretty sad. So I said hey you know tomorrow or we you know if you guys want to get her something we could get her something
Joshua Lopez: Sadly, when I went to drop them off and we went to the store prior to dropping them off. I left my card at home so I couldn't even do that for them.
Joshua Lopez: Sadly, it just the pretty bad evening that that evening, I went to pick up my prescription. They closed super early because of the whole covidien
Joshua Lopez: Not a good evening. Then of course party with them is never easy, I just
Joshua Lopez: I just, oh my gosh, I miss their little voices.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you do.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah, I do call them though I'm grateful. My daughter has a phone.
Joshua Lopez: So I do call them in the evening, just to say hi. Yesterday I was excited. I got home and
Joshua Lopez: My daughter's birthday present or god bless her birthday was the night I ordered her something the, the left it on her doorstep. One of the neighbors ticket.
Joshua Lopez: So I called them out. A recent the package. This time they were smart enough to put it in the mailbox.
Joshua Lopez: So yesterday. It came in. I called her super excited to let her know her, her birthday gift here.
Joshua Lopez: Funny story. I can't take her shopping or couldn't just go to the store and get it.
Joshua Lopez: I told her to have a little shopping spree on
Joshua Lopez: Online.
Joshua Lopez: I wasn't sure what she got
Joshua Lopez: In the box to to make sure it all came in.
Joshua Lopez: I know I spent $65 I didn't know what I spend
Joshua Lopez: $60 on
Joshua Lopez: Literally, she ordered to make up from Ultra. I don't know if you know what Alta is
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I do
Joshua Lopez: We're talking for little tiny
Joshua Lopez: concealer. I think like a brush something else. I mean, we're talking for little items for
Joshua Lopez: But she was excited she was happy. And that's what mattered. You know, I wasn't it really care about the price or what it was.
Joshua Lopez: You know i don't i don't let her overdo it with makeup, but she's, she's a teenager, you know, I'm a better experiment with it at the house, she could put it on.
Joshua Lopez: Before we leave if she's wearing makeup, you know, she's looking like she's 17 then of course not, you know, I'm not letting that slide, but she she did, she put it on and you know really
Joshua Lopez: I don't know how to word it elegantly. I guess you know you can't really tell she's got a ton of makeup on. You know, she does it very, very lightly and
Joshua Lopez: Peacefully, yes.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, like that. Sorry. That's a sweet one
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so you did use radical acceptance with covert notice that it you could. There's plenty of people that gets themselves wiped out with. I can't go out and go to a restaurant. I can't throw my daughter son a party and they wipe themselves out with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see how expectation doesn't match reality and we can get really miserable. But you didn't do that with the birthday party, why not
Joshua Lopez: I don't know. I've noticed really everything else in my life. It's been pretty
Joshua Lopez: Pretty easy to accept certain situations and other things, other aspects like I said on the outside, everything is looking really good. It's this one thing that I just
Joshua Lopez: You know what I mean. I
Joshua Lopez: Think I'm pretty good with that when it comes time to
Joshua Lopez: Eating you know now that I'm making good money. I do wish I could take like my kid out to a nice restaurant. But instead, what we do is we we do take out you know we just
Joshua Lopez: Call in advance of sitting there waiting in an hour line to get food because you know what I mean, I've just kind of adjusted to the whole Kofi I mean I've decorated my entire apartment online.
Joshua Lopez: patiently waiting, you know, for stuff to come in. There wasn't messy right now. I would go to actually be excited to show you some of the cool stuff that we did.
Joshua Lopez: Thursday.
Joshua Lopez: My niece watches my kids because I told you we do we care. We care. So my short week I got the kids, but out of those seven days. I work two days and my niece.
Joshua Lopez: watches the kiddos because she lives couple apartments down Thursday. She did not show up and she told me she was only going to be here to like 12
Joshua Lopez: But I called my kids on my first break to find out. She hadn't been here at all. So,
Joshua Lopez: I asked my boss. If I could use some PTO and I took off early. I got here, our table had just came in that day of my daughter, put it together.
Joshua Lopez: Then we're like, you know, we need an entertainment center. We went got an entertainment center that one was a lot more difficult to put together. We took us about three hours.
Joshua Lopez: My daughter really enjoyed, and I really enjoyed the, the one on one time me and her had I gave her the left side to put together. I did the right side.
Joshua Lopez: I read the instructions and was like, okay, we need three screws and I didn't double check her work. I didn't tie in her screws. I just let her. You know what I mean. I did you know cuz it was like mirrored I do the
Joshua Lopez: Price I she does the left side and long as she saw what I was doing. She did it and she did an amazing job she
Joshua Lopez: Enjoyed it. Most kids would have after an hour would have been probably frustrated or board. She really enjoyed doing it. And I could tell because when we're done. She took pride in it like
Joshua Lopez: I can't believe we did that dad, like, you know, I mean, it was, it was an awesome day Thursday was a great day.
Joshua Lopez: Then Friday I do recall the timeline now Friday was the day that I was just sad and I don't know. I don't know why I really just
Joshua Lopez: It was such a great day Thursday, like a great day.
Joshua Lopez: It just hits me out of nowhere. Sometimes it just
Joshua Lopez: It is it is draining it does wipe you out.
Joshua Lopez: One thing I've gotten good at is when I'm at work, a
Joshua Lopez: This is something you taught me.
Joshua Lopez: A while back when I was working at Walmart and at Walmart. It was hard to do just the job the way it was. It was hard to lock it out.
Joshua Lopez: But I tell myself. Whenever I start to feel a little down at work to tell myself a you at six o'clock when you clock out if you want to have a crisis session on the way home, you're welcome to do so, but
Joshua Lopez: Right now.
Joshua Lopez: Right here you you can't, you know, you just
Joshua Lopez: And it does help me get through my day. It really, really does. And sometimes I get in the car and I don't have that crisis, you know, some days I can't wait to get in the car, just to let it out.
Joshua Lopez: You know,
Joshua Lopez: Just
Joshua Lopez: Become making progress. I just
Joshua Lopez: You know, I have my moments for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hope you can see that there's nothing wrong. You're not doing this grief thing wrong. You're, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're appropriately sad massive change happened. The only part that I kind of want to wedge myself in there a little bit and offer something else is around
Gwenevere Abriel: How
Gwenevere Abriel: In a given moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can use
Gwenevere Abriel: Accepting
Gwenevere Abriel: And the part that I struggle with because i'm not i'm not you. I can't quite tell if it's that
Gwenevere Abriel: You catch the negative
Gwenevere Abriel: opinion of yourself. I wasn't a man, I didn't step up. That's the one I wonder if it's what's holding up
Gwenevere Abriel: The resolution of this grief. I just wonder if you haven't really accepted that yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: If we have to go there if I have to adopt that language to and say, okay, you were lazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were complacent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most of the worst things
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they the worst that you could possibly be is it that
Joshua Lopez: Like okay, I get what you're saying, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You said that will try it on. Let's do it the other way around. I want, I want to play with, with a few minutes that we have. I want you to say out loud, the worst.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what you were during those last year, year and a half, that you are together with her. What's the worst. What's the ugly shadow side and let's use acceptance, but sit with it. Not shame, not, not that. But what you did or didn't do. You're not too thrilled with
Gwenevere Abriel: You name it. You did a little bit of it earlier, but let me listen
Joshua Lopez: I got lazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lazy
Joshua Lopez: Didn't
Joshua Lopez: didn't fulfill my own expectations as a man
Joshua Lopez: You
Joshua Lopez: Know a shame.
Joshua Lopez: Most of all, I wasn't
Joshua Lopez: Wasn't the provider that I should have been
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna stick with this for a little bit. We're not going to move from here just gonna, we're gonna go back and forth. Is it true that you were lazy yes or no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. You remember consciously thinking. Fuck that. I'm not going to look for a job today. You remember thinking that
Joshua Lopez: I'm not in that sense. But so
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me how you were lazy. I don't quite get it.
Joshua Lopez: Wasn't
Joshua Lopez: WASN'T TRYING TO
Joshua Lopez: wasn't trying to find anything great wasn't
Joshua Lopez: Making excuses, rather than finding solutions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so why don't we. Well, let me drop the lazy and will say I was making excuses.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Does that sound true like that no one can wiggle you out of that when you were making excuses.
Gwenevere Abriel: For not trying harder. Would you say that's the worst.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I was making excuses for not trying harder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, I think we're getting somewhere. All right. And does that make you feel ashamed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think we're at the heart of it right there. OK, now let's see if this one's true
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Your image of what a man is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it bring us back to a man does everything he possibly can. It does not make excuses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it right back to this original one brings us. And then of course you feel ashamed.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we can. I can even draw a line through it. It's really back to you made excuses.
Gwenevere Abriel: For not trying 110% or at least 90% 9598 100% you could have done more.
Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that constitutes the man image. Like if you'd have done more if you stop making excuses why then you would have fulfilled this expectation of really important piece of being
Gwenevere Abriel: A man.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that brings up the shame you didn't you made excuses. Okay. And then on the I wasn't a provider part. Is that also part of it. Because if you had stopped making excuses and tried harder, not let anything like I'm gonna go go go go go. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You believe you would have been a man and a provider.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. And now the economy has. There are some constraints to it, which
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you can be out there literally walking the street knocking on doors 24 seven and still, the answer is no. Would you still be ashamed.
Joshua Lopez: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, so it's about making excuses.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want freedom from the suffering. Can you please sit with it now and on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I make excuses. It was the easy way out, looking at how difficult it is to go work manual labor again or whatever those things were no more excuses.
Gwenevere Abriel: On it, tell me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you did and what you didn't do. One more time, really refine it and let's put it to rest.
Joshua Lopez: made excuses.
Joshua Lopez: Not dry a
Joshua Lopez: Look for ways to blame Jacqueline to
Joshua Lopez: Excuse my own behavior.
Joshua Lopez: Look for excuses to just stay where I without be complacent to not provide to not wake up and see how I was hurting her or kids or anybody even myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: That happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit with that that happened not shame but you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not you. That's a behavior. You were overwhelmed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's forgivable
Gwenevere Abriel: It is this
Gwenevere Abriel: It's completely forgivable as in, so what
Gwenevere Abriel: You were a man, the whole time your provider. The whole time you were overwhelmed by the complexity of that the fact that you use an old mechanism of denial
Gwenevere Abriel: Utterly forgivable completely forgivable
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a good person who was overwhelmed, who could not get out of the muck couldn't do it. You did everything you could you did not know how to get out. I truly believe that. Do you know the you did not know how to get out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did what you could
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's forget
Joshua Lopez: It. Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to see it and others, and you're going to need to forgive them to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're going to see it in them. And you'll say all day. You're in for a rough ride because when you snap. It's called a rough and you're going to see it in your children and you're going to wish.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to wish you can spare them, you're going to be like, Oh, please, just do it the easy way, the way I want to teach you, but they won't
Gwenevere Abriel: They're going to do it the hard way.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're going to learn what self forgiveness is they're going to have to learn what all of that letting themselves down
Gwenevere Abriel: The choosing denial instead of the hard stuff, which is what treatments all about what you were still in was addictive thinking your head was in your ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Most of my clients heads are in their asses.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm playing, but you see what's happening. Don't you remember now, think back, how many times did I show up with you and I would go
Gwenevere Abriel: You're still haven't called your primary care physician and I would bang my head again. And I'd say you haven't made any progress, didn't I do that over and over, I would be like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I suck as a therapist. I just suck. Maybe we need a different one. And so I remember thinking that, and I would tell Dr. Brown, like I'm terrible. I can't get anything
Joshua Lopez: But I do, I do. I remember as we were talking about making excuses. That was one of the things that popped up in my head. I was gonna bring it up. I was like I was even making excuses with you for a long time. I really was like, I just, I was I was making excuses for everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when I tell you I watched you the whole time. There was nothing I could do
Gwenevere Abriel: To shake you to say, Josh. Your, your heads in your ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: I couldn't work. There was nothing I could do. I was like, you're depressed, your back hurts and you're not taking action to find out about shoulder. Let's get you to a doctor. Let's see what's going on. Let's get in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were wiped out without unemployment it frickin wiped you out the image of yourself and the reality you needed radical acceptance, then
Gwenevere Abriel: But nothing. I tried everything. There was nothing I could do you had to go through this. You did it, and you're almost to the other side of it, but you can't go back and chastise which means web yourself. You can't go back and do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did the best you could
Gwenevere Abriel: That unemployment. Am I right, just about my two out. You couldn't sit with it. How can this be
Joshua Lopez: Did it really
Joshua Lopez: It really did like I'm
Joshua Lopez: Just I felt worthless. When I got laid off. I felt like, here I am again I'm you know I just
Gwenevere Abriel: But that wasn't you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We are employed, one day, and we're superstar. I'm the best therapist anybody's ever had. I hear it, and then I'm this bitch.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: And then if they want to transfer. Oh, you're horrible. You're the worst. And then the next time you're the best. You're underpaid. It goes all day long. If I have to grasp on to one of those. I am going to be, yo, yo, a roller coaster all all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I this changing opinion that you guys have. Am I the changing opinion of children have a husband of people outside of the store that have opinions of me of neighbors or is there something please put that doesn't move a truth about me that just sits there like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was there and you weren't in touch with it. And that's the stuff I talked about when I say that's identity. That's the core sense of self.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's when I would say that is you the man just happens to be a different gender. Not that it's better than women, but that your, your PR your person.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're born lovable and sometimes we have shitty jobs and we heard our back and sometimes we have awesome ones. It's just a job. Some jobs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our culture has signs a bunch of money to another job doesn't give too much money. But it's harder work like it makes no sense. It has nothing to do with who you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just job that guy's got a good job. He can afford more expensive. Shit, it's just the job. The man's probably a jerk, frankly, we've got to get to know him first.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just a job. You were there all along.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're still there.
Joshua Lopez: Yeah. Makes me
Joshua Lopez: When
Joshua Lopez: I just hearing it that way. I'm, I'm hoping that I can sit with it, it seeps in and I don't want to make excuses and being being stubborn anymore.
Joshua Lopez: You know, because it does make sense. It does. I
Joshua Lopez: Think lazy was the wrong word. I think making excuses and
Joshua Lopez: You know, kind of self pity.
Joshua Lopez: I mean, I know I've come a long way. It's not easy to admit that, hey, I wasn't, you know, wasn't a man, at that time, or, you know, I mean it's you don't hear a guy say that very often, you know, it just accepting responsibilities just pushing forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's the one. Notice it just went when you do sweeping judgments like that I wasn't a man, that's a shame response that's an all encompassing I'm bad, but when you go to. I just didn't have the skills to say to you, one of your
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel dead inside. I don't have contact with what's going on. I just want to cry. I can't believe I'm not bringing money into this house, but you never made contact like that with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You stay real superficial way out here. We could have been grieving. We could have been making contact contact back then but we stayed light and fluffy light and fluffy and nothing, nothing could move you. Now you're like a different client you make contact. Now, you feel what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're like a different dude.
Joshua Lopez: I definitely feel a bit different.
Joshua Lopez: You know, and I just
Joshua Lopez: Keep hoping that
Joshua Lopez: Happiness isn't too far away really believe that
Joshua Lopez: I'm hoping
Joshua Lopez: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just remember, it smells that it's going to come. You're going to remember you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you a happy man, it doesn't come from outside this stuff. Remember I was telling you. Good job, bad job someone likes me doesn't like me, you can hold it for a second, then let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't hold on for long. We can't hold on to attachments like that all that cute furniture you have up and smoke.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you will still be the man, you will still have love you still have goodness and kindness and generosity and hard work and all these things that you do like about yourself, which is what I like your focus to be on those are immovable
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are the things that make you you not the stuff, not the image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you a happy man. Are you content with you stop waiting for it to come from the outside. Give it, give happy every single time you have a chance to give Kathy give it
Gwenevere Abriel: Not waiting for it to land at your doorstep and come from somewhere outside. Just give it away. Oh, here's another chance for me to give it
Gwenevere Abriel: Give it to your daughter, give it to your son give to Jacqueline give it. Give it, give, give, give, give.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop waiting for it to show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got an earful
Joshua Lopez: I'm
Joshua Lopez: Also wondering if maybe you could talk to Dr. Reality. I don't know what happened with my last prescription, but she only prescribed me two strips. I don't know if I was on some kind of bridging that I wasn't aware of
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, so I have been listening to
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe she made a mistake. I don't know. I'll be, I don't know. So here I am, I'm in Slack, which might is my computer communication platform. And I'm going to message her. What do you want me to say first of all say Josh is here.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what else do you want me to say as far as
Joshua Lopez: I don't know if it's possible, because I just got a text message like 10 minutes prior to joining the meetings, I didn't really get to call and see what prescription was in but Walgreens contacted me and said that a prescription ready for me. I don't know if that was the
Joshua Lopez: mock them or not. So I'm just, I honestly. Maybe I should just text you and I get a little more info on what's waiting for me at Walgreens could maybe she saw her mistaken rope. Another prescription
Gwenevere Abriel: As much as you can take me out of it. I would appreciate so go just take me as much as you can out and go into just log into virtual clinic and say, Hey, guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm this went sideways do it as soon as you can before she goes to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will tell you she's got I think other things going on in context of her life. So be persistent be clear on what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: What went wrong what you want, not the long story. Don't make excuses for that, that, that I think that that the note script went in for this. This is what the doctor had intended. Can you communicate. This is what I want.
Gwenevere Abriel: To dance around she she needs things really concrete just this. I got this. But this is what we agreed on, or this is what I thought the prescription would be just make it really easy for her to just fix it. But yeah, check.
Mark
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm doing my part right now and I'm letting her know, You were here today and
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you you know what it means to have two strips that means that means applesauce and raisins. To me, it has no meaning does means nothing to me you like you know what does. You are how many days that covers. I am like, Well, yeah.
Joshua Lopez: It only covers so many days and then I switched my my pharmacy and virtual clinic before we met, but it was
Joshua Lopez: If that if I have to go back to Los Lunas it's going to suck. It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how you that's a story that's not what you want. And so I'm left with still, I won't write that. So,
Joshua Lopez: We're not getting no no no.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just going to say this and you're going to take it from here. He mentioned something about a pre scripture one issue. He is calling pharmacy now and I'm going to leave it like that, you're going to take the ball from there.
Joshua Lopez: It will I only got two strips that only last a couple of days.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I wrote. You're going to take
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to take it from here. You're going to call the far right.
Joshua Lopez: Gotcha. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Joshua Lopez attended individual appointment. He mentioned something about a prescription issue. He is calling pharmacy. Now if you want to add more info jump into virtual clinic and add it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Hey,
Because
Gwenevere Abriel: Some about Los Lunas you lost me, buddy.
Joshua Lopez: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta get out of it. I'm not a case manager. So my next clients here. I'm impressed and worked incredibly hard you faced you face the darkest space, you just went there. I'm very proud of you.
Joshua Lopez: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye.